feat: adjust description of hibernate (#18019)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-transaction-restraints.md

## Support for `savepoint` and nested transactions

> **Note:**
>

> > Starting from v6.2.0, TiDB supports the [`savepoint`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-savepoint.md) feature. If your TiDB cluster is earlier than v6.2.0, your TiDB cluster does not support the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` behavior. It is recommended to upgrade to v6.2.0 or later. If upgrading TiDB is not possible, and your applications are based on the **Java Spring** framework that use the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` propagation behavior, you need to adapt it on the application side to remove the logic for nested transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting from v6.2.0, TiDB supports the [`savepoint`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-savepoint.md) feature. If your TiDB cluster is earlier than v6.2.0, your TiDB cluster does not support the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` behavior. It is recommended to upgrade to v6.2.0 or a later version. If upgrading TiDB is not possible, and your applications are based on the **Java Spring** framework that use the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` propagation behavior, you need to adapt it on the application side to remove the logic for nested transactions.
```

> > Starting from v6.2.0, TiDB supports the [`savepoint`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-savepoint.md) feature. If your TiDB cluster is earlier than v6.2.0, your TiDB cluster does not support the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` behavior. It is recommended to upgrade to v6.2.0 or a later version. If upgrading TiDB is not possible, and your applications are based on the **Java Spring** framework that use the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` propagation behavior, you need to adapt it on the application side to remove the logic for nested transactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Starting from v6.2.0, TiDB supports the [`savepoint`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-savepoint.md) feature. If your TiDB cluster is earlier than v6.2.0, your TiDB cluster does not support the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` behavior. It is recommended to upgrade to v6.2.0 or a later version. If upgrading TiDB is not possible, and your applications are based on the **Java Spring** framework that uses the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` propagation behavior, you need to adapt it on the application side to remove the logic for nested transactions.
```

> > Since v6.2.0, TiDB supports the [`savepoint`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-savepoint.md) feature. If your TiDB cluster is earlier than v6.2.0, your TiDB cluster does not support the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` behavior. It is recommended to upgrade to TiDB version v6.2.0 or higher. If upgrading the TiDB version is not possible, and your applications are based on the **Java Spring** framework that use the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` propagation behavior, you need to adapt it on the application side to remove the logic for nested transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting from v6.2.0, TiDB supports the [`savepoint`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-savepoint.md) feature. If your TiDB cluster is earlier than v6.2.0, your TiDB cluster does not support the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` behavior. It is recommended to upgrade to v6.2.0 or later. If upgrading TiDB is not possible, and your applications are based on the **Java Spring** framework that use the `PROPAGATION_NESTED` propagation behavior, you need to adapt it on the application side to remove the logic for nested transactions.
```
